Wei Zheng: So… You still need to figure out What do the agents do?
Wei Zheng: In the… in that process.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Oh.
Wei Zheng: Last time, I asked you to ask the AI, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Regarding… Regarding what we intend to do, and regarding what they actually do.
Wei Zheng: And then you ask the AI, how can we make the…
Wei Zheng: edge in the framework to simulate not…
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: First of all, what are we intend to do?
Wei Zheng: I think you can based on what I already sent to you, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Use the abstract, and there any… Information?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, and… and what they do? Actually, you can fail.
Wei Zheng: ChatGPT with their people.
Duy Nguyen: Yes. And then you'll say, what kind of framework?
Wei Zheng: We should have.
Wei Zheng: I… and how we build this?
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: yesterday, I… I… I sent all my questions, for the… Jackson University, from your school?
Wei Zheng: I feel… .
Duy Nguyen: For the, like, the procedure.
Duy Nguyen: for applying the PhD?
Duy Nguyen: in… up to now, I didn't… Have any response.
Duy Nguyen: I'm okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, very well respond to.
Wei Zheng: Well, you look at the website?
Wei Zheng: Do you look at the website, what's the procedure it is? What's the requirement it is?
Wei Zheng: Because there are too many students, I don't know if they will respond or not. But anyway, you look at the website, you look at what's the requirement.
Duy Nguyen: But I have a question for you, like, In your department?
Wei Zheng: No.
Duy Nguyen: The injury department, they… Do they require the GRE?
Wei Zheng: I don't… I have no idea. I have no idea. It's not our department. It's a graduate school.
Wei Zheng: It's graduate school.
Wei Zheng: You, you go to the website, you can, you can, you can immediately find it.
Duy Nguyen: Because, like, the website is required, the GRE, but the department, they, they, they do, they do not require it.
Wei Zheng: No, even graduate school requires that you must have, because you're always admitted by graduate school, not by our department.
Wei Zheng: Your father must be omitted by our graduate school.
Duy Nguyen: Oh, okay.
Wei Zheng: Even required, it definitely didn't require it. No.
Duy Nguyen: I already asked them, but…
Wei Zheng: You look at their website, this should be as a requirement.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I love the website.
Wei Zheng: No, the deadline is what?
Wei Zheng: Starting in March either, huh?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah… is… Dove.
Duy Nguyen: Is the beginning in March?
Wei Zheng: So, when you will end it, I mean, your… when this semester will end it.
Duy Nguyen: This ma- this semester will end at around, like, 15 in major.
Wei Zheng: Guinea over the mate.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, around, like… On the… on the half of… in… in May, in May.
Wei Zheng: So, your plan go back to…
Wei Zheng: Go back to your country during the summer?
Duy Nguyen: No.
Duy Nguyen: I'm not planning to go back to country. I will, like, request for the OPT and… And I'll continue.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: And I, I, I applied for…
Duy Nguyen: the fall in GSU, and we'll continue studying and not go back to my country this summer.
Wei Zheng: Okay, probably…
Duy Nguyen: And I will, like…
Wei Zheng: But probably I can let you work on during the summer.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, yeah. I'm not gonna go back to my country this month, this summer.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: But anyway, I have no idea regarding the admission, because actually, I do not have any graduate.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: I'm on mine, myself.
Duy Nguyen: I have.
Wei Zheng: Use other people to register.
Duy Nguyen: I understand that.
Wei Zheng: I have no idea how they do that, because basically the idea is what they ever… they ask the IE,
Wei Zheng: You must have the TIE.
Wei Zheng: Even if they require them.
Wei Zheng: No.
Wei Zheng: We cannot overcome their requirement.
Wei Zheng: But anyway…
Wei Zheng: Because tomorrow, I have a meeting.
Wei Zheng: Could you just say, how can we transfer that data, and also the algorithm? The algorithm, you just pass it to.
Duy Nguyen: No doubt.
Wei Zheng: Let him walker, whatever.
Wei Zheng: Whatever we want. But now, I think you are currently working on that paper. You already do something, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: So, this is a… That is a…
Duy Nguyen: By the way, and can I have his… his email? His email.
Wei Zheng: What do you know?
Duy Nguyen: The, the PHD guy.
Wei Zheng: You mean the email in the JSU?
Wei Zheng: Oh!
Duy Nguyen: He's, the PA…
Wei Zheng: Oh, I can, I can tell you, I can tell you, I can tell you.
Duy Nguyen: Okay. Yeah, I can contact with him, and…
Wei Zheng: How you do that? How you do that? How you deliver that? Or…
Duy Nguyen: Or I can ask… I can ask the team to create the Amazon, and then you just transfer the data. Okay, yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: How… you… how many…
Wei Zheng: I mean, how many… how many data… I mean, how many publications you already have? I'm… you have a rough idea?
Duy Nguyen: I already stopped is…
Wei Zheng: And a Khomeini, you have an idea, and a Khomeini.
Wei Zheng: How many in the file you have? Roughly, roughly.
Duy Nguyen: Roughly.
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I have no idea. I will share you the screen, and you will see it.
Wei Zheng: Can you know what is the volume it is, at least?
Wei Zheng: What's the data volume?
Wei Zheng: Baptists, how many baptized?
Duy Nguyen: How many backpack kits?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I mean, the volume of data.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: I have not checked it.
Duy Nguyen: For the long term, go by.
Duy Nguyen: H3.
Duy Nguyen: Here's all I have, as you can see.
Wei Zheng: I mean, what's the volume with teeth? I mean, I mean…
Wei Zheng: This is just a photo, yeah?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I used to…
Wei Zheng: But, how they organize this? This is,
Wei Zheng: I mean, what this is, this is, you look at something.
Duy Nguyen: Here's the day that, today, the…
Wei Zheng: I mean, I mean, I mean, what is the, what is the thing you open? What is the platform you open? Is it a particular platform to open the data?
Wei Zheng: I mean, what you are showing on the screen is what?
Wei Zheng: Is Amazon for the files, huh?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's a S3 bucket, the database of the… the cloud.
Duy Nguyen: Dice.
Wei Zheng: So they will organize the data, they let you see the data in this way, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: I think it's very easy to see, because
Duy Nguyen: ISI is today, the month, and year is very, very easy to follow.
Wei Zheng: I mean, that data is the data that… when you collect the data, all the data, they publish it.
Wei Zheng: I mean, the time, the date.
Wei Zheng: You organize based on when you collect those data, or you organize based on their publication, the year of their publication.
Duy Nguyen: Just, just the day I collect the data, no.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, so that's easy to read about, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, it's very easy to read.
Wei Zheng: No, no, no, no, I don't mean the read by people, I mean the read by my king.
Wei Zheng: If we want to… You were one of my hero, really.
Wei Zheng: So, you're basically… your data type is a different type. Why is the PDF? Why is the one?
Wei Zheng: Just the text.
Wei Zheng: what type of data you have there? I mean.
Wei Zheng: We cannot manually process it. We need a…
Wei Zheng: Fiddle with the machine, and then we let the machine to determine that.
Duy Nguyen: It's very easy to fit to the machine, the machine can get easy to read it because it's the JSON file.
Wei Zheng: Is this JSON file?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's a JSON 5.
Wei Zheng: Generally, but they will put a different type of file in a different location, right?
Duy Nguyen: Leon, yes.
Wei Zheng: So, you, you have the JSON file structure, is that? You specify that, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, I have the JS5 structure, the author, the title, the abstract, the geo, Anything.
Wei Zheng: So, you need to provide us all the information, boss.
Wei Zheng: you need to provide your JSON file information. So, that means once we know this format, we can easily let the machine read it, based on the different type, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Because we need to… we need to process those.
Wei Zheng: We need processors. I asked him to do this processing. You just pass this to…
Duy Nguyen: Okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: him, and then I will let him. And probably… we probably want him to do further.
Duy Nguyen: Scripting, scripting, based on what you already have, okay?
Duy Nguyen: No.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, and and so, so far, you haven't made any progress regarding… regarding… regarding what we… we tried to do.
Wei Zheng: I mean, you have an idea regarding the aging framework we… we try to do, because now it's only… probably the only 20 days left.
Duy Nguyen: For the last week, I cannot do anything.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: So, I think I will… I have to…
Duy Nguyen: Like, done it, and rush it in this… in this.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: No.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you just,
Wei Zheng: So, the one way that we… it's easy to transfer your data, it's easy to transfer
Wei Zheng: from one Amazon counter to another Amazon counter, is that? You can do this, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Maybe I can, I will fi- I will figure out in tonight and let…
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, okay, okay, okay. Because… Actually, around, like.
Duy Nguyen: many weeks ago, I sent you the, like, the step-by-step to, like, create your own account.
Duy Nguyen: Because… This AWS, the security is very important, so I cannot use…
Duy Nguyen: It has a two-layer, security.
Duy Nguyen: So that's why I cannot use your email and create your account.
Wei Zheng: Okay, I understand, I understand, because that's… I tried, I also, I tried before. I… I have no idea how… how to do that.
Wei Zheng: But anyway… If I let him create an account.
Wei Zheng: No, I mean, if I will… I asked him to create account, that is easy to transfer the data from your account to his account, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. Actually, let me pass.
Wei Zheng: Always anyway, you can…
Wei Zheng: you can put those in some place, and then… because I know that if you let some people got into that access, it's very difficult.
Wei Zheng: But how about you… you output those data?
Wei Zheng: You put it in somewhere.
Wei Zheng: In some, some, some cloud.
Wei Zheng: And let him go there. Oh, yeah. Okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: Either he called it.
Duy Nguyen: A good idea, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Common Cloud, is that?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, it's free, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's free.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you just…
Duy Nguyen: I think he scoot all day.
Wei Zheng: You just output that file into the cloud, and then let him go there, and whether they put data there, or they will download data in his account, that we will determine later. But at least you put it in some place. We, of course, we do not let him go into your Amazon account. I know that is difficult.
Wei Zheng: But you just output your data in, and put in some… you create some, some account in some, free, space, the iCloud, or…
Wei Zheng: Good luck!
Duy Nguyen: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Not the public is the easy way.
Wei Zheng: And then after that, I will let him to, to, to, to…
Duy Nguyen: Right, yeah.
Wei Zheng: to look at the data and to look at your JSON file, and if you have any questions, we can ask you, yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: We'll go back.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I think it's good today.
Wei Zheng: And, I can make the contract start with this week, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: We have to end the, the, the, the last.
Wei Zheng: End of the semester, and then we can start, yeah, the summer, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Okay?
Duy Nguyen: Okay, thank you, thank… thank you so much.
Wei Zheng: But anyway, I'll just say, whenever you have time, you just walk on, because that is…
Wei Zheng: is a… it's a kind of thing is very interesting, and also its area is very, very interesting. I don't know, you… you have a class, this semester, you have a… you told me you have, what, four classes?
Wei Zheng: I mean… You have a.
Duy Nguyen: I have 5 classes. I have 5 classes this semester. Yeah. I have 5 classes.
Wei Zheng: 5 car, okay.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, thank class.
Duy Nguyen: the Far East, the… One of them is just the online class.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: And I… actually, next week, I will, talk to, Dr. Bo Wang.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, okay, you will talk to… I will send an email to him. I just said, he… because we tried to… I tried to collaborate with him, we tried to write some collaborative proposal regarding…
Wei Zheng: We will do in the Mississippi. I will talk to him. You talk to him, just talk about, what we try to do. Basically, we just try to based on the literature.
Wei Zheng: To fund the new trend of the research.
Wei Zheng: Use a platform.
Duy Nguyen: Okay. Can you, like, send me…
Wei Zheng: I will send both of you, I will send.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, it's easy for me to…
Wei Zheng: So, next week, so when? You have an appointment with him yet?
Wei Zheng: You have an appointment with him yet, or no?
Duy Nguyen: No.
Wei Zheng: about what next week, what, what day? Before that, I will send an email. I will send an email.
Duy Nguyen: I think, in Monday, Tuesday.
Wei Zheng: Monday, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: I will talk, talk to him.
Wei Zheng: Okay, so you basically let him as advisor, is that? Yeah. Okay, that's no problem.
Duy Nguyen: I even, like, passed my, Sponsor.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: But actually, we work here. But anyway, you just use whatever we do here for your… for your project. But he need as an advisor or sponsor, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, okay, I will talk him, I will talk him, I will talk him, yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Because I cannot meet him this week, or last week, because the storm is so terrible in Oxford.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: I'm about to say that.
Wei Zheng: I will… I will talk to him. I will send an email to both of you, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, you can talk to him, and then… yeah. I think I will promote him.
Wei Zheng: Also interested in this, because we plan to do a collaborative proposal, in the… in the fall, in the fall, regarding how to do this in the.
Duy Nguyen: But, like, I think,
Duy Nguyen: I will end… I will have to present the…
Duy Nguyen: the senior project in the beginning of May, so we just have.
Wei Zheng: Like, to… Oh, when, when, when you need, when you need to do that?
Duy Nguyen: I have two, presentation.
Wei Zheng: Oh, you're the final, final president.
Duy Nguyen: The final, yeah, the final presentation in the beginning of May, so we just have, like, two…
Duy Nguyen: Two months, or two and a half, or two months.
Wei Zheng: Could you send me what's the requirement for your… for your course price?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: You send me whatever is your school requirement, and then I will frame it.
Wei Zheng: Did I make what you do, filled with this, okay? Okay. And I will send an email to him, yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, just, yeah, just think of it and tell me, by tomorrow, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, tell me how to do the data transfer, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Okay, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Duy Nguyen: I will do it right now, so…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Duy Nguyen: And let you know.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, as soon as possible, yeah, thank you.